Whigs brought to you by Deepa Tris calm
what's up tall my divalicious Eva's and
do so this is a wig review and I was
sent this week from neva Tris calm I'll
have their link in the rest of the
information down below along with the
coupon code for 10% off okay so you know
let me tell you some a little bit about
deatrice calm
they sell wigs we hair care products and
also about their shipping the shipping
is quick and the best shipping prices
that I've seen compared to any other
website if you go with the diva mail I
think it's like oh and no tape so I can
make sure that I'm right but it's the
lowest one that I've seen off of anybody
site so the price shipping price is
great with on diva Trish calm now the
shipping usually takes about three days
so that's not long either quick shipping
from what I've seen depending on where
you stay but from where I stay it took
about three days to get here another
thing I like about there any time you
get a weed you'll have this pink
wrapping around the wig never comes
disturb or squished up you always
receive a little candy which me and my
children enjoy yes and you can always
repeat this task and then always they'll
always give you some samples
it could be shampoo it can be lotion any
kind of hair care every website out
there on Wednesday and I love that
they've candy and samples and then
you'll always get their business card
which i think is a plus you usually
don't see a company include their
business card but they do and you get
10% off of new diva ten so use that coat
new diva ten if this is your first time
ordering from them you'll get 10% off so
yes I love that they carry I'm just
about all the hair line so they sent me
week to review and this one is from
Motown trust this will be my first
Motown tris we've and it's your part wig
and a one beat 30 frost so it's supposed
to be kind of like the you part weeds
that they got going on that's a picture
of the model so as you're part week your
natural part wig and it's a natural part
and you can have option in to cut the
piece right here if you want to y'all
know how the regular you part wigs go
and it is curling out and safe up to
400°
it says cooler versatile wearing more
natural-looking so we'll see about that
alright guys so next time you'll be
seeing me you'll be young Harvick Frost
so fam here she goes this in a while 33
she has beautiful beautiful luscious
curls and what you want to do if your
hair blends well then it's a goal for
her if your hair doesn't blend will
because of my I have a natural hair so
it's kind of difficult to blend and
sometimes people don't want to use
curling iron or flat iron or heat on
their hair to achieve this look so what
you can use is you can fire self a
closure and you can the most
cost-efficient closure is the one from
our trade doobie and we have a video
later right here that shows you how to
close these you part invisible part your
part wigs up so that you won't have to
take out your hair and mess with your
hair because you on want to protect your
hair from leg curls let me do a 360 for
you
another thing I noticed with these new
part invisible part that they always run
a little bit bigger so that's another
thing they run a little bit bigger you
have your two clips and then you have a
comb right here in the back in the back
of the part in your the back of the wig
no comb but you do have an adjustable
strap to tighten it up yeah but that is
Frost you can catch her
you can get her from diva tryst calm the
link like I said will be below and new
diva tin for all unique new divas I'm go
ahead and y'all check them out like I
said also my chip shipping so you can't
beat when you're going too deep at risk
calm I've ordered from them before and
absolutely love them so I didn't have
any problem with wanting to do this
review but yeah that's my first wig from
Motown tris you know what color 1b your
part absolutely like I said love the
curls to keep up how the longevity and
how this week it's been holding up I did
I keep or did she last long you can
check my blog spot and all that
information will be down below also and
remember guys you're at your best when
you're being you just can't nobody be
you except you this is fashion diva TV
with my wig review from diva tress calm
bra